# SmartFactory

## Workflow Driven Management of Logistics Operations in the Cloud

From the historical perspective, some keywords can be recognized as milestones of the manufacturing enhancement process. Today, to be in fashion, we must provide smart solutions. We have smart cars, smart grids, smart buildings, and even smart cities. Can we imagine a smart factory? Giving the right answer to this question is only a matter of the definition of the word smart. Nowadays the production of goods is doubtless a challenging activity and needs a steady improvement in the manufacturing environment to compete successfully on the global market. To win on the market, any smart factory cannot be devised as a technology-dependent solution focused on industrial processes (manufacturing) only. The question of how to distribute and finally sell the produced goods is most challenging. It is proposed that the Smart Factory paradigm must, therefore, be addressed to business improvement as well. Manufacturing plants today are frequently a more or less autonomous part of a global organization – they are like clouds on the corporate sky. Furthermore, all factories are a part of the Global Supply Chain and they are surrounded by markets, vendors, and authorities, which must also be seamlessly involved in the business processes. Thus, starting the discussion on the Smart Factory paradigm, collaboration is the main challenge that must be faced. It requires information sharing as well as well-defined and interacted activities governed by procedures. Both information and behavioral models must be consistent and fulfill business process requirements leading to the optimal solution. To sum up the foregoing, to succeed and meet the global scope, the first requirement essential to deploy the vision of the Smart Factory is the Internet connectivity as a foundation of collaboration.
